Do an impression of your favorite celebrity.
Go grab a broom and do your best tango.
Do your best president impression.
Give someone a foot massage.
Unbuckle your own belt using your elbows.
Stay on all fours until your next turn.
Make up a short rap about someone.
Do an impression of someone ordering at a restaurant.
Use the letters of the name of another player to describe them (ex. SAM : S – Silly ; A – Attractive ; M – Merry).
Do pushups until your next turn. Pace yourself, and drop your knees to the floor or switch to planking when you need to.

Put your hand in someone's pocket until your next turn.
Take an ice cube and rub it on someone until it melts.
Drizzle syrup (or any other food) on someone and lick it off them.
Bite someone.
Kiss someone.
Have someone blindfold you. Keep it on until your next turn.
Have someone tie your hands behind your back. Keep them there until your next turn.
Give someone a backrub.

Slap someone.
Give someone a piggyback ride.
Lick someone's chest.
Show us your underwear.
Sit on someone's lap, and stay there until you're done telling them what you want for Christmas (or until your next turn).
Pick someone up.

Before your next turn, slap someone upside the head.
The next time someone says a word starting with "s", kiss them.
Touch tongues with someone.
Cardio exercise until next turn. Pace yourself, and switch up the type of exercise whenever you need to.
Have a sexy pillow fight with someone.
Secretly choose a scene from a movie with someone. Act it out (no talking) and the group will guess what movie it is.

Stand up, close your eyes, and hold your hands out in front of you. The group will send a silent volunteer to dance with you, and your job is to guess who they are.
Stand up, close your eyes, and keep your hands behind your back. The group will send a silent volunteer to kiss you, and your job is to guess who they are.
Cry. Real tears.
Grab someone's butt
Give someone a lap dance.
Fake an orgasm.
Sexily take off a sock.
Make someone laugh.
Rub noses with someone.

Have the group mix you a mystery drink. Identify what's in it.
Have the group choose a song for you to sing
Keep your nose crinkled until your next turn
Rub someone's belly
Sing a duet with someone

Whisper something to another player. They'll pass it on, until it goes through everyone. The last person will say what they heard.
Make up a story involving everyone in the group.
Switch an article of clothing with someone. You may swap back at the start of your next turn.
Twerk.
Play with someone's hair.
Lay on someone.

Try to drink a glass of water from the far side of the glass.
Curse like a sailor in your accent of choice.
Play a song by slapping your butt cheeks until somebody guesses the song.
Depict a human life through interpretive dance.
Let the group give you a new hairstyle.
Use your best opera voice to describe in detail what you most recently ate.
Serenade someone.
Beg and plead someone not to leave you for that other boy or girl. Weeping, gnashing of teeth, and wailing is encouraged.
Break dance. Do your best, but don't break yourself.
Do the worm.
Sell a piece of trash to someone. Use your best salesmanship.
Attempt to do a magic trick.
Try to juggle two or three items of the group's choosing.
Walk on your hands from one side of the room to the other. You can ask somebody to hold your legs if necessary.
Spin an imaginary hula hoop around your waist until your next turn.
Imitate popular YouTube videos until somebody can guess the video you are imitating.
Seduce someone to the dark side.
Be someone's pet until your next turn.
Compose a poem about someone while the game continues. Read what you've got at the start of your next turn.
Pole dance with an imaginary pole to a song of the group's choosing.
Have someone spank you.
Imagine something in the room. Now spell it with your nose and keep spelling it with your nose until somebody guesses what you are trying spell.
No talking. Pretend to be a food. Don’t pretend to eat the food, pretend to be the food. Keep pretending until somebody guesses the food you are.

Let someone shampoo your hair.
Improvise an erotic fan fiction with someone.
Give someone your best back massage.
Whisper sweet nothings in someone's ear until your next turn. Have them relay anything you need to say to other people.

Mimic someone's movements and posture until your next turn.
Place your cheek against someone's cheek. Your choice of face to face or butt to butt. Stay attached until your next turn.
Smell someone's hair. Guess what kind of shampoo they use, if any.
Hold your breath for as long as you can, while someone tries to make you breathe.
Cover your ears until your next turn. Repeat any intelligible words you can hear other people say.
Clean things until your next turn.
Place your forehead against someone's. Take a deep breath, then say something dramatic.
Arm wrestle someone.
Until your next turn, you must hold somebody's hand every time you go somewhere.
Call someone out on their bullshit. Make a big deal out of little things if you have to.
Eat something without letting your lips touch.

Give someone a head massage.
Pick somebody to dance a song with. The group will then pick your song.
Kiss someone in three different places.
Go take off an undergarment in a private room. Then, come back and show us the undergarment, and leave it off until your next turn.
Sit on someone's lap, face to face. Stay there until your next turn.
Recreate a cover of a steamy romantic novel with someone.
Bridal carry someone around the room.

Every person in the room must tell you their middle name (or a nickname if they don't have one). You must memorize all of them, and recite them at the start of your next turn.
Keep track of someone's pulse until your next turn, and announce if it changes in response to something.
Draw something without speaking or using your hands until somebody can guess what you're drawing.
Have someone draw facial hair on you using makeup products or pencil. Unibrows, moustaches, and other designs are all fair game as long as it can wash off with soap and water.
Stand in front of a sink. Tilt your head back and fill your mouth with water until it overflows, then you can spit or swallow the rest.
Break up with someone. Be dramatic.
Stare at someone. You can blink, but don't take your eyes off them until your next turn.
Feed someone an available food of their choice. They must keep their hands behind their back.
Lay your head on someone and nap until your next turn.
Match your breathing to someone's breathing until your next turn.
Play Rock-Paper-Scissors with someone. The loser must serve the winner until your next turn.
Grovel for mercy at someone's feet. Keep going until they say you are free to go.
Apologize to someone. You may choose something that you did that you're not really sorry about.
Give a eulogy for someone as though this was their funeral or wake.
Jump scare someone before your next turn.
Have the group choose an object for you to model. Wear or carry it as you pose for a photo.
Mime a sport with someone.
Stick your tongue out, and leave it out until your next turn.

Ask someone for a quest. They may send you on a brief errand of their choice, such as retreiving something from another room or preparing a drink.
Yodel.
Turn your back to someone. Avoid facing them until your next turn.
Accompany all of someone's footsteps with sound effects until your next turn.
Bite your lip and look someone up and down. Then, hold eye contact with them until they blink.
Square dance with someone.
Cackle.
Lick a piece of food, and then put the whole thing in your mouth.
Deliver a compliment as a hand-written note or text message to someone before your next turn.
Add a new contact to your phone. Call them.
Hold a piece of food in your mouth, and say "Chubby Bunny." Add another piece, and repeat until you cannot say "Chubby Bunny."
Wrap yourself around someone's leg. Stay attached until your next turn.
Breathe through your mouth until your next turn.
You are now someone's cheerleader and lackey until your next turn. Each time they finish speaking, you must back them up.
Sit with your legs up the back of a chair/couch and your back against the seat until your next turn.
Delicately trace the outline of someone's face with your fingertips.
Interrogate someone about the location of a fictional character.
Try to lick your elbow.
Touch your toes to your nose.
Close your eyes. someone and a silent volunteer of the group's choice will kiss your cheeks at the same time. Reveal the better kisser.
Hold someone's face in your hands, and describe their eyes in detail.
Critique two pieces of food as though you're the judge of a competition.
Give someone some constructive criticism on their current outfit.
You are now someone's personal trainer and coach until your next turn. Any time they do something, ensure it's with good form, and encourage them to do better.
Teach someone something they don't already know.
Hold a napkin under your chin and drool onto it.
Mock everything someone says with a hand puppet and silly voice until your next turn. Avoid interrupting or talking over them if you can.
Make up a handshake with someone.
Hip bump someone.
Flutter your eyelashes against someone's cheek.