What is your biggest fear in a relationship?
What was your funniest first date ever?
What is your biggest turn off in a partner?
What is your weirdest habit?
How many kids would you like to have?
What is your perfect first date?
What is one embarrassing fact we should know about you?
What was your childhood nickname?
Describe your worst date ever?
If there was no such thing as money, what would you do with your life?
What is your dream job?
If you were suddenly trapped on a deserted island for 3 days, would you survive?
Who is your favorite person here and why?
What is your best talent?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What is your dream wedding?
Would you ever consider being a nudist?
If you could take away one bad thing in the world, what would it be?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is the most exotic food that you have ever eaten?
What country would like to live in if you had the chance?
If you could change one thing on your body, what would it be?
What do you daydream about the most?
Describe the weirdest dream you've ever had?
How do you feel about social media?
What is your favorite season of the year?
Could you go a week without junk food?
How was your first kiss?
Describe your worst kiss ever.
Describe your exercise routine (or lack therof).

How do you feel about sex in groups?
Would you ever watch your partner have sex with somebody else?
How many romantic relationships have you had at one time?
Where is your favorite place to be kissed?
Have you ever taken it in the butt or would you?
What is the longest time you've gone without sex since your first time?
Do you enjoy rough or slow sex?
Do you prefer to be on top or bottom?
What is your favorite position?
What is your least favorite position?
What is the worst sexual experience you've ever had?
Have you ever had sex outside?
Where is the strangest place you've ever had sex?
Have you ever been surprised by something during sex?
Have you ever paid for sex?
Who was your first partner? Briefly describe your relationship with them.
Who is your favorite porn star? Describe them if you don't know their name.
What is your favorite strip club?
Have you ever thought about being a stripper?
Do you prefer the lights on or off when having sex?
Does size matter?
Do you prefer to have music in the background, or for it to be be quiet?
Do you prefer for your partner to be silent, or do you like moans?
Do you like a lot of foreplay?
What is your favorite type of foreplay?
Have you done role-playing?
What is your role-playing fantasy?
Where is your "sweet spot"? How do you prefer to be touched there (kissed, held, massaged, etc.)?
What is your strangest sexual fantasy?
Would you ever have sex for money?
How many orgasms have you had in one sexual encounter?
Spit or swallow?

Have the group choose three people. Pick one to fuck, one to marry, and one to kill.
What's your kink?
What's your favorite type/genre of porn?
Tell us a secret.
What is your spirit animal?
If you could change your name, what would you change it to?
If you could dye your hair a non-human hair color, what color would it be?

What are you most self-conscious about?
What is the most embarrassing picture of you that you can show us?
What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
Have you ever let somebody take the blame for something you did?
What do most of your friends think about you that is totally untrue?
Who here would you most like to make out with?
Have you ever cheated or been cheated on?
What lie have you told that hurt somebody?
What is the meanest you have been to somebody that didn't deserve it?
What is something that people think you would never do but you have?
What was the worst encounter you had with a police officer?
Tell us about your most awkward date.
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What is your deepest darkest fear?
Where is the strangest place you have peed?
Who is the person you most regret kissing?
Have you ever crapped your pants since you were a child?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
What secret about yourself did you tell somebody in confidence and then they told a lot of other people?
When was the most inappropriate time you farted?
What is the scariest dream you have ever had?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your room?
Why did you break up with your last partner?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
When was the last time you peed in bed?
Who is the sexiest person here?
What is the grossest thing that has come out of your body?
What terrible thing have you done that you lied to cover up?
Who have you loved but they didn't love you back?
What is something that you have never told anyone?
What is the most disgusting habit you have?
What was the cruelest joke you played on somebody?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have put up on social media?
What bad thing have you done that no one else found out about?
What was the most awkward romantic encounter you have had?
What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?
Tell us about the last time somebody unexpectedly walked in on you while you were naked.
What is the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told?
What is the most embarrassing photo you have on your phone?
Describe your most recent romantic encounter.
What is the weirdest thing you have done for a partner?
Who here has the nicest butt?
What is your biggest regret?
What is something people usually assume about you that is not true?
When was the last time you picked your nose without a tissue?
What do you really hope your parents never find out about?
Tell us your most embarrassing vomit story.
Tell us something you haven't wanted us to know.
Under what circumstances would you make out with someone?
What have you done that people here would judge you most for doing?
What would you do if you were another gender for a day?
Who is your crush?

Pick two players you think would make a cute couple (that aren't already a couple).
What's something you like about someone's body? How about their personality?
How do you feel about someone?
How would you go about asking someone on a date?

If you were given 1 million tax free dollars to have sex with a pig publicly on national television... would you?
What is the kinkiest dream you've ever had?
Describe a sexual fantasy that you'd like to actually try sometime.
When is the last time you thought about somebody sexually? Are they in the room?
Tell us who in this room you'd most want as a roommate.
Describe something physically appealing about each other person in the room.
Say what you love most about each other person in the room.

How old were you when you started your first romantic relationship?
Would you rather be given a compliment or a criticism, if either one would be accurate?
someone disappears on a group outing and you lose all contact with them. What do you do?
What is something you would willingly die to protect or accomplish?
Would you rather have $100 today, or $1000 in 10 years?
Would you take a 50/50 shot at winning $2 or losing $1?
All water you drink is replaced with another beverage once it enters your mouth. What beverage would you choose?
What's a kind of pain that you enjoy?
What's your favorite quality about yourself that society considers traditionally masculine?
What's your favorite quality about yourself that society considers traditionally feminine?
Tell us about your first time driving.
What noises stress you out?
Where do you like having hair on your body, and where do you not?
What kind of weapon would you keep hidden on you to assassinate someone, assuming you'd be searched first?
Describe a time when you thought less of somebody because of something they couldn't change or control.
Under what circumstances would you have sex with someone?
Would you trust someone to make decisions for you if you were incapacitated?
Would you believe someone's excuses if they showed up late?
What's something you trust more than you should?
What do you do to reset when you get too angry or sad?

Let someone go through your internet history and read it out to the group.
Have you ever sexted anyone? If so, read one of the sexts in an accent of your choice.
What is the most adventurous thing you'd want someone to do to you?
It's totally not legal to do this, but if it were... (fill in the blank).
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
What is the song that you get it on to the most?
What's your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
Where is the weirdest place that you've ever masturbated?
What is your favorite sex toy?
When was the first time you had an orgasm?
Who was your best partner and why?
Do you have an "I'm getting laid tonight" outfit? What it is?
What's your favorite body part on yourself? On your partner?
Have you ever cheated on somebody?
Have you ever wanted to cheat in a relationship?
How many people have you slept with?
Who's the hottest person at work?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or make-up sex?
Who here are you most jealous of?
Who is one person in this room you've thought about while masturbating?
How do you set up to masturbate?
What's the worst kiss you've ever been given?
What is the most fun you've ever had in a romantic setting?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction? Describe.
Describe the most embarrassing crush you've ever had.
What was it like going down on somebody the first time?

If you were going on a camping trip with someone, what would you expect them to forget?
Who here would you most want to go on a week-long vacation with?
If someone showed up at the start of an advertisement, what would you expect the ad to be about?
If you were already dating someone, would you break up with them?
If someone was trying their best to kill you, and you knew it, would they succeed?
someone is secretly a pop star. What's their on-stage name?
If someone wanted to give you a makeover, would you let them?
You've been turned into a small animal. Who here would you go to for help in trying to change back?
Who here did you most underestimate upon first meeting them?
What's the closest you've ever come to dying?
What would you most want for a tattoo?
Rate someone on a scale from 0 to 10. Use whatever criteria you want, and give them one overall number.
How good would you expect someone to be in bed?
You gain the favor of a shadowy organization that will use any means necessary to help you. What do you ask for help with, if anything?
Would you rather your hair be permanently wet or gelled in place?
If you could have an aura that always communicated your thoughts and emotions clearly, would you want one?
Describe the avatar you would have if you lived in a virtual reality.
What's something you know that you've forgotten?
What's the most ridiculous coincidence you've experienced?
You've teamed up with someone to face a challenge of the world. What problem would you two try to solve together?
Would you rather be unable to feel physical pain or emotional pain?
You from your most probable future comes back in time to talk to you. What do they regret that you haven't done yet?
What's a choice you made that greatly impacted your life?
Tell us about your mundane superpower. What can you do that many people can't?
What's something you know that you're terrible at?
Are you better at expressing yourself clearly, or understanding other people?
You are a Greek God. What do you have dominion over?
If you were omniscient but with the same attention span, what would you pay the most regular attention to after you've seen everything?
You are immortal. Under what conditions would you choose to die, if any?
You've swapped bodies with someone, but everyone knows and your lives otherwise stay the same. Do you want to swap back?
What would be the ideal fate of humanity, if you aren't around to see it fulfilled?
What memory with someone will you remember forever?
Would you rather have a built-in mental calendar and clock for reminders, or perfect navigation to any location?
If someone invited you on a date, where would you expect them to take you?
What's something you wish you took more seriously?
You're a shapeshifter that can take on any form you can imagine. What do you choose to look like most of the time?
Would you rather your teeth be so long that your lips can't touch, or no teeth at all?
What sense could you manage without?
Do you like when strangers engage you in conversation while you're waiting in a line?
You've always had a superpower, but didn't know it. What event in your past is better explained by this?
What would you pay somebody to do the work you actually get done in one hour?
Have the group choose a monster. Would you rather fight or fuck them?

Have you ever been arrested? What for?
If you won the lottery and had to give the money to somebody in the group, who would it be and why?
What's the craziest thing you've done while naked?
Have you even been skinny dipping?
What's the stupidest thing you've done while drunk or otherwise intoxicated?
Who here would you most want to be lost with?
If you had 24 hours to live, what would you do?
Out of all the players, who would be the last person you'd fuck?

How often do you have to fake happiness?
Have you ever fantasized about having sex with someone?
You can freely replace any or all of your body parts with cybernetics. What do you replace, and with what?
What is a mental health issue you regularly struggle with?
Do you wish that people you trust were more physically affectionate with you, or less?
When you hold your thoughts back, do you usually do it for the sake of other people's feelings, or your own?
What is an opportunity you regret missing?
What's something you wish your friends did for you more often?
What's a task you wish was more fun to do?
What's a personality trait that you find particularly attractive?
What preparations do you want to make for your death?
What is a legacy you've made that will outlive you?
What do you hoard?
Who do you most consistently feel love from in your life? Friends, family, partners?
What helps you feel confident?
How does attention from strangers feel? Exciting, unnerving, charming, repulsive? 
What's the maximum number of people you would want to have sex with at once?
You and someone are planning a threesome. Which player is your third?